Because I said it nonsense.
Nonsense
Why? Because you're the big boss.
They all listen to you
I thought I'd call your dad and you'd help us
Idiot, take care of your daughter
Even Dad dares to throw it around
Really uneducated, you are uneducated
What are you talking about, child?
Sambo is right
How can an adult bully a child?
How good is your upbringing?
Three treasures and four treasures, let's go and stop
You said Lily stole your manuscript
Can there be evidence
Of course there is evidence
I already called the supervisor yesterday
I told him I was going to write this manuscript
If you don't believe me, the telecom bureau should still have records
You can check it out.
And it's true.
Xi Shao, I actually know
You stay.